Create API project to edit (#143)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/create-api-specification-studio.adoc

= Create an API Project in Studio

> Anypoint Studio 7.7 and later enables you to create a RAML or OAS 2.0 and 3.0 API specification, or an API fragment in Studio and automatically synchronize it with Design Center.

Reviewer: I was initially confused about how many things were being created and where, but I think this might clarify that a little:
```suggestion
Anypoint Studio 7.7 and later enables you to create a RAML API specification, an OAS 2.0 or 3.0 API specification, or an API fragment in Studio, and then to automatically synchronize it with Design Center.
```
Are these things synchronized TO WORK WITH Design Center or synchronized BY USING Design Center (or is this clear to your intended audience)?

> It is not possible to create a flow out of an OAS 3.0 API specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not possible to create a flow from an OAS 3.0 API specification.
```
...but, the previous text mentions creating a spec or fragment. Is this the proper place to take that further, to creating a flow from a spec?

[NOTE]

> Studio uses the EGit plugin only for the VCS feature of editing API specifications offline. Studio does not support the EGit plugin for Mule application projects that you might track using your own VCS.

Reviewer: Similarly, is the the proper place to describe editing specifications, when we have only introduced creating them?

Reviewer: Looking ahead at the whole topic, I see two subtopics that are not mentioned in the topic set intro.

This makes me wonder if this should be THREE subtasks to creating a PROJECT:
== Create API SPEC or FRAGMENT
== Create branches.
== Merge and push(or synchronize: choose one term) PROJECT

However, two of these are not tasks, because they have no steps but rather just links. So maybe this should really be just one task with no subtopics:

To create an API project in Studio:
1. Log in to Anypoint Platform.
2. In the task bar....
3. Select the type:
     * spec
     * frag
4. Type name.
5. Select finish.
6. Optionally, create branches to...:
    <links>
7. Merge and sync/push
    <link>

Consider enhancing the intro to describe that creating a project involves deciding to create a spec or fragment and that you can then edit (EGit) or track development/maintain sync using VCS (but these really aren't part of the main topic, which is currently titled CREATE).

Reviewer: OK...just edits to existing text from here on...:

> To start creating an API project in Studio, you must be logged in to Anypoint Platform. See xref:xref:set-credentials-in-studio-to.adoc[Configure Platform Credentials].

Reviewer: Why not make this the first step?
I would omit linking here to actually creating the login....

Reviewer: Also consider using the template:
== Prerequisites, if any
== Steps

. In the taskbar at the top of the Anypoint Studio display, select *File* > *New* > *API Specificiation*.

> . Select the type of API project that you want to create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the type of API project that you want to create:
```

> ** To create a new API specification, select the *New API Specification* tab, and then select the type of API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To create a new API specification, select the *New API Specification* tab, and then select the type of API.
```
By type of API do we mean RAML or OAS?

> ** To create an API fragment, select the the *New API Fragment* tab, and then select the type of API fragment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To create a new API fragment, select the *New API Fragment* tab, and then select the type of API fragment.
```
type?

> . Type a name for your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Supply a name for your project.
```

. Select *Finish*.

Studio prompts you to switch to the API design perspective.

> In the API design perspective, use the API editor to write your API specification or API fragment. Additionally, you can use the API Console view to mock a live service so you can test your API specification.

Reviewer: Would this be a good place for 
== Next Steps?
Or should writing, testing, branching, and merging be part of creating?

> Studio uses VCS to track the development of your API project and keep it syncronized with Design Center.

Reviewer: This might be good for the intro text.

> == Create Branches

Reviewer: This is a task title but there are no steps.
Is this really part of CREATING a project? "modify" sounds more like editing; maybe a separate topic?
Is "the API definition" = the spec or fragment or their details?

> Using a different branch allows you to modify the API definition without risking pushing those changes to the main branch in Design Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a different branch enables you to used a modified API definition in certain cases, without modifying the main branch in Design Center.
```
Again, this sounds like a separate topic from CREATING.

include::page$sync-api-projects-design-center.adoc[tag=create-branch-vcs]

include::page$sync-api-projects-design-center.adoc[tag=commit-to-branch-vcs]

> == Merge and Push Your API Project

Reviewer: Task title but no steps....

Reviewer: Again, try to use one of "push" or "sync," if they mean the same thing.
Clarify if not.

> You can merge the changes made to your API specification to your main branch and synchronize it with Design Center

Reviewer: This is about changes made to the spec you CREATEd? 
Again, sounds like a separate topic:
CREATE a PROJECT (spec or frag)
MODIFY a PROJECT (branch and then merge changes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can merge the changes made to your API specification to your main branch and synchronize it with Design Center:
```
